Constant-head pumping tests are used to estimate aquifer properties,
Non-Darcy head loss at the well screen increases with pumping rate
Axisymmetric groundwater drawdown equation
Inner well-screen head-loss condition
Steady radial equation inside a moving zero-drawdown boundary
Coefficients of the dimensionless drawdown profile
Dimensionless analytical drawdown solution
Dimensionless constant-head flowrate solution
Temporal and spatial solution comparisons
Parameter-influence curves for drawdown and flowrate
Estimated aquifer and well parameters for each solution
SEE and ME goodness-of-fit rankings
C values of 1163.51 min2/m5 for well 2 and 0.97 min2/m5 for well 5
Not-properly-designed-or-developed classification for wells 2 and 5
Applying the source well-loss criterion to the fitted coefficients